"MensturationManagement" 

Menstruation(Period) is an obsolete, yet common untouchable - young ladies universally are as yet disgraced and punished for having periods. Long-lasting adverse consequences across disinfection and cleanliness, instruction, mental and actual wellbeing, young adult fruitfulness, and support in the public arena superfluously limit young ladies' turn of events. UNICEF tracked that 97% of young ladies in developing countries had nearly no information before menarche. Over a large portion of the young ladies are not ready for periods and encountering feminine cycle-related challenges in their everyday life. Menopause is an integral part of the process of aging of women. Since, it has the potential to cause women to experience new life. It is often termed as “Change of Life”. The change anticipated isn’t constructive at all. It makes a woman’s life vulnerable. 
For centuries, women have to undergo this suffering. Through our research we found out that society doesn’t want to talk about this. Since, this is an unavoidable natural phenomenon, the least we can do is to provide proper assistance to reduce the loss that it brings to the female society. Thus, our project will serve as a helping hand to deal with it. An easily accessible period tracking application for young ladies, available on mobiles they use every day, can convey devices straightforwardly into their hands to change pressure and disgrace to strengthening. This can change how young ladies find out about and deal with their periods, bodies, and sexual and contraceptive lives leading to their empowerment.
This thesis is an attempt to identify and evaluate women's menopausal symptoms from different societal and geographical levels of understanding. For this, we are working on an online platform where women can get advice regarding various symptoms they are experiencing. Here, women are also free to ask questions anonymously. This online platform will also provide voice to women to share their stories of how they faced it.This will create awareness among women regarding their health ,from all over the world.
